Title: 
Affiliate web sites make money

Word Count:
743

Summary:
Working from home and making money from your hobby is one of the easiest ways to generate an additional income for you and your family. The lucky ones get to work from home all day but I suggest you don't give up your day job!


Keywords:
work from home, home working, affiliate web sites, making money working from home


Article Body:
Making money from your affiliate business.

If you have a hobby that you can turn into a job, you will never have to do a days work again! Do you have a hobby? Want to know how to turn that hobby into a work from home business?

Working from home and making money from your hobby is one of the easiest ways to generate an additional income for you and your family. The lucky ones get to work from home all day but I suggest you don't give up your day job! 

You have to build your income. 

A work from home business is the same as any other you need to work! However the amount of work you put in will be rewarded and besides, if its a hobby, you don't mind doing it. All you really need is a web site and an interest. It might even be possible to earn money from home with subject matter to which you have no knowledge. 

So how is this possible?

By using pay per click (PPC) schemes, the classic being Google AdSense. Each time a visitor comes to your web site and clicks on a link, you earn money! It really is that simple. Or is it? Well actually yes it is! If you can build a web site or get one built that you can add content too, then simply buy putting your knowledge onto your web site with some adsense links, you may earn some money. I say may, only because if your user does not click a link you will not earn but you are rich in the knowledge that you have helped some one. At least you should be, as if your site is good they might well return. This time they might click a link or two and then you start to earn. 
How much can you earn?

There is no hard and fast rules here. Working from home and making a living from your computer should always be your secondary income. What you earn should be considered a bonus. A holiday fund or a new car fund. Your work from home income will be your luxury fund! Payment is worked out automatically, you basically get what you get but if you can attract visitors to you web site, you will start to earn a little extra money this is almost certain. Why so vague? There are no real methods of telling what a given home based affiliate web site might make in terms of money. The site needs to attract visitors who in turn need to click on an advert. If you have no visitors, your home business is going to take some extra work. You have to tell people about your site and where it is.

Promotion

Search engine optimisation is the first port of call. Build your web site with the minimum of code and make it fast loading for your users. Add a site map to your web site. Add a link to your signature in any forums you belong to. Add links to pages in any reference you make to your site. Add the site link to your e-mail signature. Have cards made up and make sure your web site address is there too. Any where you can leave a link to your home based business is a seed for future earnings.

Content.

Content is king and search engines love it. If your web site business is hobby based, be sure to include every thing you know into your web site and as you learn more, add that too. Keep adding and adding, content is great spider food and spiders love fresh content. Updating your web site regularly is a must.

Don't be fooled.

You might come across adverts that say 'earn $5000 a month working from home. It might even say $10,000/month working from home! I challenge these work from home schemes to prove the fact! The truth is no home working programme will give you an instant money tap. Many of these get rich quick sites are simply a rip off. A well crafted site will earn you a good income but you have to work at it, keep it updated and promote it every day if you can and eventually your seed will grow. How big? Only the effort you put in will tell. Advice, inspiration and implementation for affiliate web site design is freely available from mingamong.com

Good luck


