Title: 
Best Way to Make Money Online: What It Takes

Word Count:
733

Summary:
How do I make money online? That depends on what you want to do. No matter what you do though, the most important thing you need to do is advertise. How do I do that online? This will require you to really do your research...


Keywords:
make money online, advertising, google adwords


Article Body:
When you are thinking of ways to make money online, you likely want to know immediately what the best way to make money online is.  The truth is that the answer to that varies from person to person.  Everyone is different and what one person can make money on may not be easy for another person to make money on.  Therefore, it is important to assess what you know and what you have in order to figure out what the best way to make money online is.  Use these assessment tips to help you get started and on your way to making money online.

Your Product or Services

The first thing you need to assess is what you are trying to “sell” online.  If you have a physical product to sell, you will need to figure out the best way it would be to sell that product.  For instance, you need to determine if you should sell that product alone, or if it works best in groups.  For instance, if you are selling pictures, you will need to determine if you want to offer them with frames or without.  The way in which you present your product can have a great impact on the way it is received by your potential customers. 

If you are dealing with a service, such as consulting or writing, you need to figure out how you will present your services.  Perhaps you could create “packages” of services in which you would need to set prices for.  Customers typically will purchase more confidently when you have everything laid out simply for them.

Avenues to Use

In addition to figuring out how you plan to market your products, you will also need to know how you plan to get them out there to the public.  For instance, some people choose to use their own website and advertising to sell their products.  This can be a very effective way to sell your products or services. 

If you really want to catapult your business online, use Google Adwords. With Google Adwords, you don't need to worry about getting your website on the front page by making sure your use keywords correctly, getting tons on incoming links to your site, or all the other things associated with search engine optimization. It is really simple to use as long as you read the how to on Google. If you’re not careful, you could really blow all your money using wrong keywords, not setting your advertising budget, and not paying attention to your click through rate. Click through rate is all figured out for you in your Google account, so you really do not need to worry about it. Just make sure you have a click through rate of 1% or more. 

One of the best ways to know if your advertising is right on is by this rate! Let's say your advertisement received 200 clicks out of 2000 page impressions and 2 of those clicks resulted in sales. There’s your one percent! There are many eBooks on Google Adwords to help you learn how to use Google Adwords effectively; I personally think you will learn all you need to know in Google’s help files. Just be sure to be using methods that bring traffic to your site so you will have customers. Google Adwords has the potential of bringing millions of potential customers to your advertisement in just minutes.  

If you don’t want to worry with setting up your own home page, advertising, and website, you can always choose an alternative method of selling such as advertising your services on a blog which can be free by using Google Blogger, a message board, or an online auction site.  All of these avenues can be very profitable.  

As you can see, finding out what the best way to make money online is not as easy as you would think. With a little research, using the internet will help you; you can actually build yourself a highly profitable business.  In fact, you need to figure that out for yourself by thinking about what your talents are and what you have to offer.  Then think about what the best means for marketing and offering your products and services are.  Keep playing around with ideas until you find something that works! Once you find what works for you, work it, work it, and then work it some more.


