Title: 
Every-one wants to start their own home business. But what if I told you 99% of websites claiming to show you how to make money from home are scams!!!

Word Count:
537

Summary:
If you are planning to start your own home business you have to realize that making money from home is not as easy as most websites say it is. There are skills and discipline that needs to be acquired to be successful. Now I bet you have been looking at sites that state you can start making money within 15 minutes or start earning thousands of dollars a day all on auto pilot.


Keywords:
make money online,make money from home,home business,home based business,making money online,make big money online


Article Body:
If you are planning to start your own home business you have to realize that making money from home is not as easy as most websites say it is. There are skills and discipline that needs to be acquired to be successful. Now I bet you have been looking at sites that state you can start making money within 15 minutes or start earning thousands of dollars a day all on auto pilot.

Well it can actually can be achieved but only if you know what your doing. Nine times out of ten most people havenÆt got a clue about making money online or how itÆs done. Believe me most websites are just after your money and will keep everything that really works all to them selfÆs, this way they can keep telling you ōyou need thisö and  ōthen you need thatö and basically, they just keep sucking money out of you.

Well if itÆs aright with you I would like to give you an inside look of some of the skills that you will need to run a successful home business.

Skill 1- Research   
Now if you have happen to buy some sort of e-book that tells you ōfind something your passionate about or enjoy doingö Big mistake more than likely there will be millions of other people selling that product or service. 

As I said you will need skills to find hot markets that have very little competition. So you will need to learn how to research and find those hot little markets in the form of keywords.
 
Skill 2- Link building

Then comes getting traffic ōvisitors to your websiteö another very important skill you must have. Without traffic you will fail terribly. There are quiet a few ways to get traffic to your site but I think the best traffic is from the search engines. But you will definitely need ōlinkö building skills to get your site in the top ten rankings.

Skill 3- copy writing

But even if you get heaps of traffic itÆs useless unless you can convert customers into buyers. Now you need to master how to write a sales copy or pre-sell a product or service. This skill is very important and without this all your hard work will be in vain. Personally it took me 8 months before I made a single sale. I knew nothing about making money online, so like I said it is not that easy as most websites make out. So next time your on a ōMake big money onlineö website thatÆs telling you ōYou can quit your job tomorrowö, take a closer look and see if they mention anything about teaching you real long term skills. Because honestly without them you are going to fail ōperiodö.

Ok I hope this information helps you out a bit there are lots of things to learn when it comes to making money online these are just a few skills you will need and there are plenty more. To explain them here would take me days but look to find out more just use your search engine and type in these keywords
1. How to research hot markets.
2.Link building
3.Copy writing
  
Bye for now and good luck!!


