Title: 
How To Make Money And Have Fun At The Same Time

Word Count:
552

Summary:
Everybody needs money. The biggest trick is finding the means to get it. Getting a regular job seems to be the best option but those who want a little extra will have to engage in some odd jobs. 

The question is not really how to make money rather where to find it. This means looking at advertisements in school, the streets, the newspaper or in the Internet. 

The individual will surely find a lot of ads here and there which proves that there are opportunities out there....


Keywords:
business opportunity,how to make money,earn money


Article Body:
Everybody needs money. The biggest trick is finding the means to get it. Getting a regular job seems to be the best option but those who want a little extra will have to engage in some odd jobs. 

The question is not really how to make money rather where to find it. This means looking at advertisements in school, the streets, the newspaper or in the Internet. 

The individual will surely find a lot of ads here and there which proves that there are opportunities out there. It is up to the individual whether to take it or give this to someone else. 

More than a hundred shows and movies are made annually. To make it look realistic, directors and producers will need some additional manpower around to get the perfect shot.

The person can be paid $40 for a day’s work by simply being an extra. The nice thing about this job is that no lines need to be memorized and most of the time, the individual will just be somewhere in the background. 

Those who love shopping can earn a little by posing as a mystery shopper to check on the establishment’s service. The person will pose as a customer, look around, buy something and then report back to the office regarding what happened at the branch. 

The individual is paid a certain amount per visit depending on the size of the company. This is not a one shot deal because retailers need to maintain consistency with monthly or quarterly visits in all the establishments. 

The only way for a company to succeed in the business is to listen to the consumer. This is the reason market research firms are always on the lookout for volunteers to answer survey questions. 

This is done one on one or in groups. The person can sign up and answer the questionnaire or respond orally then and get paid for it. The respondent may earn  as high as $25 in just a few minutes by helping a company out.

The computer is very useful these days thanks to the Internet revolution. Those who love to do write about things can work as a researcher for a lawyer or a writer. The average rate is $5 per hour which isn’t that bad since most assignments and cases will take days to finish.

Those who don’t want to work for anyone can still earn money as long as there is a lot of junk in the house. Through the years, old toys and other gadgets are not being used anymore and are just stored in the garage or in the attic. Maybe it is time to go there and see if there is anything of value that people would like to buy. 

There are auction sites online and the person can feature the product then award this to the highest bidder. The sky is the limit here so the more the items up for grabs, so is the profits that will be coming in.     

Working as an extra or helping some people out may not turn anyone into a millionaire  but it will surely bring in some extra dough. Those who have the free time should check these out and work with one or a few because this all adds up to a large amount.


