Title: 
How To Make Money Online By Sharing Videos

Word Count:
692

Summary:
Making money online by sharing videos on the Internet may seem too good to be possible, but it does work. There are several websites, including some very popular ones, that will pay you to upload videos and allow them to be played on websites. Some of these websites demand exclusive videos that you personally own, but some of these websites allow videos that have been posted elsewhere. If you have a lot of videos stored, or you can take a lot of interesting video, then this m...


Keywords:



Article Body:
Making money online by sharing videos on the Internet may seem too good to be possible, but it does work. There are several websites, including some very popular ones, that will pay you to upload videos and allow them to be played on websites. Some of these websites demand exclusive videos that you personally own, but some of these websites allow videos that have been posted elsewhere. If you have a lot of videos stored, or you can take a lot of interesting video, then this may be a great way for you to make money online.

The reason that a lot of these sites pay you to share videos is to draw more traffic to the sites that are full of ads. When you share videos on certain websites, the revenue that is generated by the traffic clicking on the ads is divided between you and the website, or you and the advertiser. You make money by sharing your videos, and the site gets interesting content that will help draw traffic to the site and the ads. Some of the more common programs that pay you to upload videos and share them are Flixya, YouTube, Metacafe, Associated Content, and VuMe.

Some of these sites require you to register for a Google Adsense account, but they also offer a personalized URL for your use in sharing videos and ads. It is important to understand any restrictions on the photo uploads, because some of the websites require you to submit only exclusive videos, unlike Flixya, which allows videos to be shared from any source that is available to you, and allows the same videos to be posted anywhere on the web. This means that you can post these videos on more than one site, which can help increase your income from making money online by sharing videos.

When sharing videos online to make money, it is important that you understand the regulations of the websites and the advertisers. Know whether video postings must be exclusive to that site. Some sites require a Google Adsense account, so make sure you know about this requirement as well. Make sure that your shared videos are appropriate for the audience as well. Do not post any graphic or obscene videos, as this may get you banned and cost you money. Also remember to continue to market your web page to increase traffic, because more traffic means more ads clicked, which means more income for you.

Flixya.com is another website that will pay users to upload videos. The payment method works similar to most other paid-to-upload sites; they split the advertising with you. So, the more popular your videos are, the greater potential you have to earn money.

Your submissions to Flixya are nonexclusive, as well, so you can post the same videos on YouTube, Associated Content, VuMe, and Metacafe.

Before you get started, you are going to need to open a Google Adsense account. Flixya pays you by rotating your Adsense publisher ID with their's 50/50. Half the times ads are displayed on your page, you earn the revenue. I am going to assume that everyone already know what Adsense is and how to sign up for an account, but just incase you don't, I will briefly explain it. It's really simple, just go to the Google Adsense website and follow the instructions for creating a publisher account. Google will ask you to submit a URL for the site you will be displaying ads on, just use your Flixya URL.

The next step, of course, is to start uploading videos. One of the great things about Flixya, is that you don't have to submit original content. You can use any video from sites like YouTube and MySpace. A lot of other sites that pay for videos require that you only submit original content, which makes it difficult to not only submit a large quantity of videos, but to also ensure your videos will be popular. The fact that Flixya allows you to share any video makes it easy to contribute content that will be well liked and get lots of views.

Copyright © 2007 Joel Teo. All rights reserved.


