Title: 
How To Make Money With Your Own Virtual Assistant Business

Word Count:
1097

Summary:
Find out how you can make money with your computer this year with your own Virtual Assistant business.


Keywords:
Virtual Assistant, moms, work-at-home moms, stay-at-home moms, home business ideas


Article Body:
So you want to start your own virtual assistant business. Great! I assume you want to start your own VA business not only to own your own business, but also to make money.  More and more businesses are outsourcing and paying VA’s, and there is no reason why you can’t be one of them. 

You’ve got your business name, all the office equipment you need, and you’ve got the determination to make your business a success. So now the big question is, how do you go about finding clients?  

What Type of Services Will You Provide?

We all have certain areas where our talents and interests lie. You have so many choices as to what areas you want to special in. There’s a good chance you already have experience in some of the specialty areas.  Maybe you don’t even realize all of the areas VA’s are working in. 

Here’s just a small sampling of the services you could offer:

Administration
Writing services (technical or creative)
Proofreading and editing, research (online or traditional)
Scheduling
Bill paying
Simple website design
Newsletter distribution
Reminder services
Event planning
Concierge services
Research
Data processing/data management
Desktop publishing
Transcription services
Mail and email services
Telephone/fax services
Internet services
Bookkeeping
Purchasing services
Marketing services
Personal services

Once you know the types of services you are going to offer, it’s time to find you some clients. 

What to Charge

It isn’t too hard to figure out what to charge. Start by contacting local support service businesses in your area. Ask them if they can send you a price list. Get several of these to learn what everyone else is charging. You don’t want to charge too much and you don’t want to under price yourself so you look like you don’t do great work. Find the happy medium and go with that amount. Prices are not set in stone.  If you have to change your prices down the road, so be it. 

Get Some Business Cards

If you want to look professional, make sure you get your business cards right away. You never know when you might meet someone who needs the services you’re offering. When that time comes, all you need to do is pull out your card and hand it to them. Never be without your business cards!

Here are some great sites where you can get business cards from free to as low as $10 for 250 cards.

http://www.vistaprint.com (Click on FREE business cards)
http://www.overnightprints.com
http://www.dcp-print.com/Products/Free_Business_Cards.asp?agent_camp=1300001 
(Try them out for free)


Tell Your Circle of Friends and Family About Your Business

Since you already have a relationship with your family and friends, don’t forget to tell them about your new VA business. While your brother might not need your services, there’s a good chance that he might know someone who does. You can start networking right away with those you already know. 

Think about designing a letter or oversized postcard about your service and send it to everyone you know. Maybe even include a picture of yourself, the name of your business, the services you offer and ask that if they can’t use your service, to please recommend your business to others who might.  If you send a letter, include a couple of your business cards for passing on to your possible clients.  

Send Out Press Releases

A press release is a great way to start your business off with a bang. I want to mention here though that a press release is not something you just send out when you open your business. I’ll talk more about this a little later. 

Here are some great places to find press release tips and templates:

http://www.press-release-writing.com/press-release-template.htm
http://www.marketingsource.com/pressrelease/releaseformat.html

Where to send your press releases:

-	Local Newspapers
-	Local Business Publications
-	Local Radio Talk Shows
-	Local TV News Stations


Online sites to send your press release for free:

http://www.prweb.com/aboutg.php 
PrWeb is free and you can pick what area you want your press release 
to be distributed to.

Other reasons to send out a press release:
·	You’re offering a new service 
·	Launching a website for your business
·	You’ve won a high profile client account or contract
·	You’ve had an unusual challenge or adversity and overcome it; especially when others thought it couldn’t be done. 
·	You participate in a fundraising event or you are to serve in a charitable organization.  
·	You’re offering or sponsoring  a workshop, seminar, or conference
·	If you’re changing the company name, location, web address, or product name 

I’m The Answer to Your Problem

Convincing your future clients that they should hire you might seem a little scary at first. But once you build more clients, and they start telling you what a godsend you are, your confidence level is going to soar. 

Here are some convincing ideas to consider…

-	Tell your future client why they need you. Maybe you work odd hours, or you have very reasonable rates. Go over the services you offer and why you are so good at what you do. 

-	Explain to the client what skills you possess, your background, and your education. 

-	You can help your client catch-up on a backlog of work that other employees aren’t able to get to. 

-	You offer reduced costs and expenses for your client. They don’t have to pay you benefits or sick time.

-	You will help their business grow with your marketing techniques. 

-	Thanks to the technology that is currently available, using your services will save the client money. Explain that you reduce overhead. They only pay you for work completed. They aren’t paying someone if there is no work to do. Plus your client doesn’t have to pay for sick or holiday time, or for health benefits. 


It won’t be long until you’re confidence, strong and bright, shines through. You won’t have any problems explaining to a future client that you are the right person for the job, or that you are the solution to their problems. 
So What Are You Waiting For?
Making money in a virtual assistant business can be done. Full time VA’s are making about $38.000 a year. This year, why can’t that VA be you? 
For more information about this business visit: http://www.bizymoms.com/cart/careers/va_kit.html


