Title: 
How To Make Money On The Internet! Or How Not To!

Word Count:
1593

Summary:
Well if you are reading this article then that means you really
want to make money online!

But I bet your totally confused and donÆt know whatÆs real anymore?

And your probably kind of sick of all seeing the same things and over and over again, and not knowing if they work. You probably hear positive things and negative things about every program out there. I know I do!

Seriously if I see one more web page or add about selling on ebay or filling out surveyÆs im goin...


Keywords:
make money online, how  to make money online, money making review, what programs not to use


Article Body:
Well if you are reading this article then that means you really
want to make money online!

But I bet your totally confused and donÆt know whatÆs real anymore?

And your probably kind of sick of all seeing the same things and over and over again, and not knowing if they work. You probably hear positive things and negative things about every program out there. I know I do!

Seriously if I see one more web page or add about selling on ebay or filling out surveyÆs im going to go crazy.

IÆve been on the internet now for along time, IÆve gone in circles and tried everything there is to make money. After all things are said and done, the main thing I realized is, if someone is trying to sell you the information for a dollar amount $ (whatever it may be) without giving you even the slightest idea of what you are buying, then DONÆT BUY IT!

You will end up getting the same thing you probably bought 3 times already.

I think it is pointless for a business to try and sell something to a customer, but yet only tell you ōYou will make money!ö umm ya how?

I mean thatÆs like going into a shoe store and the sales person saying ōBuy these shoes, they will help you walk, but you canÆt see them until you give me the money!ö

WOULD YOU BUY THE SHOES?

The best plan for any business that I can give advice to, is come up with a business plan where you tell the customer what their doing and how itÆs done, but only hold back say: the name of the company you need to buy the products from or whatever it may be.

There are a few sites out there that are actually worth your time and will offer you free information. These sites are often ignored because they are free, and for some reason today in society people seem to think if something is free then it is of no value! ThatÆs actually the farthest thing from the truth. The best things in life are free, (we all know this).

I am going to go over a few things that repeatedly show up on the internet again and again, trying to make you buy their information, only to find out that you will make less money doing what they suggest, than what you paid for it!

1. Selling on Auction sites or Buying wholesale lists.(Drop shipping)

Ok selling on auction sites can be a means to earn money, but it depends on what youÆre selling. If you own a brick and mortar store (a real live store) it can be a way to add to your revenue and sell extra things on the side. But selling of the internet (droppshiped item) or buying wholesale items, is usually a complete waste of time. Think about how many people those wholesale lists are available to, and how many people are going to be competing with you to sell that same item. This in turn leaves you with very little profit. Not to mention that almost all wholesale lists online are out of date and most of the time the items are not even actually whole sale priced. Plus you must pay the listing fee for your item, the final sale value %, and then other fees for processing payments! In the end you really only made like $3 and hour. Is that worth your time?

IÆm not saying every product is like that, there are a few niche items (if you can find them) that might sell well and have a good conversion for you, but as soon as you find them so will someone else, and on and on the cycle goes!

2. Filling out Surveys.

DONÆT DO IT!

This has to be the biggest waste of time on the internet today. I personally have never even touched that area. I know allot of people who have though, and it has only led to disappointment. There are so many sites promising you $10 here $40 there to fill out a simple online survey.

Ok so first they want you to pay to find out where the surveys are, and then when you pay them and go to fill out the surveyÆs you find out that to your surprise, you must qualify to fill out the survey. For example: You must be between 5Æ9 and 5Æ10 , weight 62lbs and not eat for three days, you must have black hair and blue eyes and live on the moon! So hmm I guess I donÆt get the $40?

Or you can fill out 2 hour surveys about what brand of toothpaste you like and you will get paid $2! Need I say more?

3. Online Rebate Processors

This one is kind of new to the online world of offers. There are a few sites (that look very similar!) that offers you a list of people to work for, and promising you $15 a rebate. OK this depends on the price of the rebate, the company you are issuing the rebate for and on and on. As far I know, there is only one company that actually pays that (off the list they give you) and they wonÆt accept any more employees. So unless you want to spend $40 to get the list and then make about $1 a rebate, donÆt waste your time.

4. Billing processor, medical billing specialist or transcriptionist.

All I have to say about this one is if you are interests make sure you look for work through a local business that you can actually talk to and call. Or you will end up working for some random office in Malaysia or some foreign country getting paid .12 cents an hour.

5. Paid to surf

There are many, many sites out there promising you money to surf the net or read emails. ThatÆs because they are trying to get you to sign up for their programs. You get paid like .1 cent an email and a few cents a web page as long as youÆre at the web page for at least 30 to 60 seconds. That's a total waste of time.

6. Getting a free website to sell other peoples things!

Ok this will make you a few buck here and there, but the amount it costs to advertise, and then the small % you get back in return isnÆt really worth it. Really you are just making money for the person above you and they are giving you a very small % of what they make. Also there is so much competition in this market that you have to find a very small niche with very specific products that are not so over marketed.

7. Forex (trading currencies)

Is actually one of the best ways to make money online, if you practice a little and know what youÆre doing. The reason some people over look this is because there is a work involved and you need to learn the system. ItÆs not a get rich quick scheme, but it is a get rich long term scheme.

Forex is : The currency trading (FOREX) market is the biggest and fastest growing market on earth. Its daily turnover is more than 2.5 trillion dollars. The participants in this market are banks, organizations, investors and private individuals, just like you.

8. The EASY FREE INCOME SYSTEM

This is a hard to explain system, but I have used it for over a year and itÆs worked for me this long. The reason I think itÆs a good system in the first place is because of exactly what I said earlier, you donÆt have to pay a single cent to get all the information there is to get about the system. People make a great living off of it and itÆs totally free. You get a free ebook to read it all over, and it doesnÆt involve anything I have mentioned above. No marketing, no forms, no calling, no selling or buying, no emailing, no nothing really! And when somethingÆs free and promises to make you a good income, I always check it out. I mean what can it hurt, itÆs free? You can get a free copy for yourself at www.easyfreeincome.com

ItÆs something I enjoy, its fun and I make really good money from it. Its not hard to do and you get all the info for free, which is a huge bonus from my point of view or anyone that is trying to find a good income earner but donÆt want to pay before they know what it is!

So that is my opinion on the latest online money makers! I canÆt speak for everyone, but I have extensively tested or know someone who has tested, all the methods above.

I hate to see people waste their time, because there are so many things out there that are a huge time waster.

I have been online now for along time, and have tested program after program, I wrote this article to share my ventures and to try to give some advice, whoever it may help, so that people who are new to the online industry of making money might have some direction on where to go or what to try and not try.

I will continue to write articles on all new money making methods I try, until then good luck and I hope you benefit from this advice.


