Title: 
How To Make Money From Freebie Seekers

Word Count:
355

Summary:
There's a common misconception that people who search for free stuff online are not good prospects as customers. While that may be true in many cases, that doesn't mean they can't help you make money.

We're going to discuss how you can make money from these freebie seekers by not selling them any products.

You're going to send these people to companies which will pay you for each lead you send them.

These pay per lead companies will pay you each time you send them a ...


Keywords:
pay per lead programs,freebie seekers,make money online,adsense


Article Body:
There's a common misconception that people who search for free stuff online are not good prospects as customers. While that may be true in many cases, that doesn't mean they can't help you make money.

We're going to discuss how you can make money from these freebie seekers by not selling them any products.

You're going to send these people to companies which will pay you for each lead you send them.

These pay per lead companies will pay you each time you send them a visitor who does one of a few things:

1.) Fills out a form to request a free sample
2.) Downloads a free software program
3.) Signs up for a newsletter

What's important to know is that these people will not be handing over any money to the company. Yet, you can still generate an income by sending visitors to these companies.

That's because these companies know that they will make back the money they invest in paying for the leads.

Here is a reputable company which will bring you quality pay per lead offers: http://www.azoogleads.com

There are many others in various niches. You can find them through Google.

You've found the lead companies. Now you need to find the freebie seekers and do some match making. Have a look at any of the various keyword research tools on the market. You'll find tons of people searching free stuff.

These freebie seekers don't stop at just one freebie. When they're on a roll, they'll practically run over anybody that gets in their way to find more free offers.

There's another similar market that you could even tackle. That's the coupon market. People who are searching for all sorts of coupons and rebates for products online.

There are enough companies using Adwords to advertise their sites that you could set up a content site and make money by placing Adsense ads on your sites.

I used to wonder how these sites were making money when their focus was on free stuff. Now using pay per lead programs and Adsense, I can see how much money there is flowing in this niche.


