Title: 
How To Make Money Selling Web Hosting Customers

Word Count:
538

Summary:
All over the world millions of people are investigating how to make money at home.  This is probably why the search engine term ‘how to make money’ brings up over 171 million listings.  It is also why many of these ‘how to make money’ listings contain thousands maybe even millions of scams.  Yet, there is a legitimate way to make thousands that only a select group of Internet marketers know.  This involves selling web hosting customers.  This article will discuss in detail th...


Keywords:
make money


Article Body:
All over the world millions of people are investigating how to make money at home.  This is probably why the search engine term ‘how to make money’ brings up over 171 million listings.  It is also why many of these ‘how to make money’ listings contain thousands maybe even millions of scams.  Yet, there is a legitimate way to make thousands that only a select group of Internet marketers know.  This involves selling web hosting customers.  This article will discuss in detail the basics of how to make money through this ‘secret’ phenomenon.  

To understand how to make money selling web hosting customers, you will need knowledge of the basic process.  Once you acquire your own web hosting whether it’s through a server or through a shared hosting arrangement, you entice potential web hosting customers with an incentive.  Many use a month of free web hosting as their draw, though be aware that this is not the best method.  Why?  It’s because a web hosting customer may cancel their service once their free month is up.  The customers who plan on buying these customers would never see their profit, so they wouldn’t want to buy from you.  For this reason it is better if you use a free website as your draw.  This website should be as elaborate as it would be if you were using it for yourself.  This includes having SEO-enriched content and an attractive layout.  If you lack web design skills, you can purchase templates very cheaply off of E-Bay or template websites.  And if content is a problem, you can either use private label content or free content from article directories.  Though keep in mind most webmasters prefer ‘original’ content.  Either way, once you have completed your website, make sure it is 100% ready for use, especially if your webmaster doesn’t know much about running a website.  You will want to present to them a site that is already uploaded on the Internet.  You may even want to include marketing help.  Customers who are able to see sales would be more apt to continue their membership with you for a longer period of time. 

Once you have acquired a good number of customers, (which is around 100 if you’re charging $10 a month for web hosting), you are ready to sell them.  The best venue for selling web hosting customers is E-Bay.  You will want to do a reserve listing of at least $2,000.  Remember if you make your hosting $10 a month and you sell 100 customers, you’ve already made $1,000.  So, by selling at $2,000, you’ll make another $1,000 in profit.  But this of course is just the minimum.  It is possible to get $5,000 or more from selling web hosting customers.  This number increases the more customers you have available, because the more customers you have the more profit a potential buyer would make each month. 

In conclusion if you’re looking into how to make money, look no further than the opportunity to sell web hosting customers.  It is a market that is high demand yet low supply, meaning you will have a greater chance finding success through this idea.  Indeed, it certainly beats getting scammed by the latest ‘how to make money’ e-book.


