Title: 
How to Make Money from Google AdSense

Word Count:
551

Summary:
Google AdSense seems to be all over the Internet.  Cyberspace is a world of opportunity for those who wish to make some extra income, but you can make a lot more if you know how to make money from Google AdSense.


Keywords:
google adsense, earn income google adsense, make money google adsense, adsense tracker, adsense profit


Article Body:
What is Google AdSense?

“Google AdSense is a fast and easy way for website publishers of all sizes to display relevant Google ads on their website's content pages and earn money.”
-	Google, July 2006

Through some clever java script and coding, Google matches content on sites to related ads.  AdSense is a great program that allows webmasters to earn income through ad revenue by doing absolutely nothing but post content.  AdSense is actually a really great program for those who maintain blogs, as blogs get updated all the time and the AdSense possibilities are almost limitless.

How to Use Google AdSense

“Google utilizes its search technology to serve ads based on website content, the user's geographical location, and other factors.”
-	Wikipedia, Google AdSense, July 2006

It’s quick and easy to sign up for Google AdSense.  Simply go to the google homepage, and you’ll find everything you need to start using this program.  Of course, before you can use Google AdSense you have to have a web site first!  Google AdSense can actually help increase traffic to your site, because your site will get a better ranking within the Google search engine.  Using feeds, Google AdSense works automatically, which means no effort at all is required on your part.  By signing up and putting some code into your site, you can collect revenue for doing absolutely nothing.

“AdSense has become a popular method of placing advertising on a website because the ads are less intrusive than most banners, and the content of the ads is often relevant to the website.”
-	Wikipedia, Google AdSense, July 2006

How to Make Money from Google AdSense

“AdSense delivers relevant text and image ads that are precisely targeted to your site and your site content. And when you add a Google search box to your site, AdSense delivers relevant text ads that are targeted to the Google search results pages generated by your visitors’ search request.”
-	Google, July 2006

Google AdSense is incredibly easy to use, completely effortless on your part.  Google even features helpful tools that allow you to check your daily AdSense profits.  The best part of AdSense is that it costs you nothing, not even time.  Once you get AdSense set up, you’re done.  All you have to do is sit back and collect the profits.

“You can run Google ads on all or just some of your pages, using AdSense strategically to complement your direct sales team. You'll pay nothing, spend little time on set-up, and have no maintenance worries. You can use AdSense for a day, a month or for however long it pleases you to make a profit-it's your choice.”
-	Google, July 2006

The more pages that have Google AdSense ads on your web site means more profits for you, because you can gain earnings on each and every page that is viewed even if you do nothing.  Google AdSense can help boost the page views on your site, and of course bring a little extra income for your pockets.  It’s easy to use and requires no work on your end – but it can bring in some much-needed revenue.  It’s easy, it’s free to use, and you are required to do very little to bring in much-needed web traffic and extra income.  So why not give Google AdSense a try?


