Title: 
How To Make Money With A College Lingerie Party?

Word Count:
811

Summary:
Being a student can be tough at times especially when you always seem to suffer from a chronic condition of cash shortage. If you’ve been looking around for good opportunities to earn some part time income while studying at college, and you want it to be both profitable and entertaining, then the lingerie party business might just be the perfect idea for you to earn some money and have tremendous fun in the process.

Everyone loves to attend a good lingerie party! If you fi...


Keywords:
college lingerie party, party business, party, part time business, earn money, party games, party


Article Body:
Being a student can be tough at times especially when you always seem to suffer from a chronic condition of cash shortage. If you’ve been looking around for good opportunities to earn some part time income while studying at college, and you want it to be both profitable and entertaining, then the lingerie party business might just be the perfect idea for you to earn some money and have tremendous fun in the process.

Everyone loves to attend a good lingerie party! If you find the idea of throwing one intimidating, just remember that it doesn’t have to be a racy event that’s only about dressing up in lingerie. Throw a college lingerie party with a theme. Thrown in this fashion, it becomes very similar to a costume party, except for the lingerie being one more element in the costume. Also it’s more alluring to everyone as party concept since there’s lingerie involved. For example, consider party themes like ‘Wacky Lingerie Clowns’, ‘Rags to Riches’ (A lingerie tale--where everyone can come dressed as anything from a chimney sweep to the Queen of England), ‘Amazonian underwear Warriors’, ‘Knights and Ladies of the Lingerie Table’ (Medieval theme), Roman Toga Lingerie party etc. Just use your imagination to come up with fantastic themes that would work well with lingerie.

Now it’s time to get down to business. Look around and tie up with a lingerie company that’s willing to provide lingerie for students. Since students are always going to be on a tight budget, you don’t want to be showing them designer stuff. Make sure that the company has a range of inexpensive lingerie (things that you would buy yourself) along with any other low-cost items they might like to showcase like candles or lotions.

Once you’ve sent out your invites or posted your flyers it’s time to prepare. You could either ask everyone to bring along one food item with them in the invitations or just arrange for the food yourself. Stock up on soft drinks and chips and snacks and decorate the venue simply. Since the focus of the party will be all the games and the fun you’ll have, you don’t have to spend a lot of time on the decorations. For example, you could make balloon bouquets for a clown party or hang up a lot of fake greenery for an Amazon theme. Just make sure that you have a table in a prominent place to display the lingerie that’s on sale and you’ll be all set.

If you get creative with your ideas, you’ll have no shortage of people just dying to buy all that underwear! For example a simple thing that you could do is to a make a ‘Magic Lingerie Wishing Well.’ Make a big one out of construction paper (that’s large enough for two or three to people to stand in) and line the bottom with black sheets. Give the whole thing a magical feel by decorating it with greenery and tinsel and a few bras and panties. Tell everyone that they can make a special wish that the lingerie fairy will grant them, by buying a piece of lingerie and throwing the money into the well. Just watch the money fly!

Play some hilarious games involving lingerie like ‘Pin the panty’ on Hugh Jackman or Kate Moss. (Get the appropriate posters beforehand) Hold a treasure hunt or have everyone vote on the costumes in different categories like the best costume, most notorious, most bizarre etc. Plan it well so that that everyone has an unforgettable time.

Once you’ve hosted one successful lingerie party, it’ll become easier the second time around. The wonderful thing here is that you’ll never be short of guests or repeat customers, once word gets around about your fantastic party. It’s also good business practice to make sure that you get everyone’s name and phone number. In case anyone seems interested in hosting a lingerie party just like yours, you could follow it up with them later. The advantage here is that you’ll become very well known as a lingerie party host/organizer and since you’ll be offering whoever’s interested in having you organize their own lingerie party a percentage of all the sales made, everyone’s happy! Both of you get to make money, and the company makes a lot of sales too.

The important thing is to have fun with it all. Growing a college lingerie party business can be quite exciting and in many ways the business will grow itself once you establish yourself as a wonderful party host. So give it a shot -- You might just surprise yourself with how enjoyable it is and discover a profitable part time business into the bargain!


