Title: 
It Takes Money To Make Money - True Or False?

Word Count:
403

Summary:
One thing that you’ll commonly hear people say is that it takes money to make money.  

However, the truth of the matter is that’s something that poor people say so that they have an excuse for why they can’t make any money – they don’t have any. 

Granted, having money does make it easier to make more money faster, but it certainly isn’t a prerequisite to making money.  You only need to look at all the self made millionaires who’ve been bankrupt, broke, or came from pove...


Keywords:
marketing, business, website, online, money, make


Article Body:
One thing that you’ll commonly hear people say is that it takes money to make money.  

However, the truth of the matter is that’s something that poor people say so that they have an excuse for why they can’t make any money – they don’t have any. 

Granted, having money does make it easier to make more money faster, but it certainly isn’t a prerequisite to making money.  You only need to look at all the self made millionaires who’ve been bankrupt, broke, or came from poverty.  Do you think they had any money?  Probably not more than a few dollars in their pockets. 

So how do you go about making money if you don’t have any.  

You need two things – knowledge and action.  The knowledge part is actually really simple.  Your local library is filled with books that can help you learn how to make money by starting your own business.  Your local library also likely has a lot of books that will take you the art of sales, and no matter what business you’re in, you’re in the business of selling.  

The second part is a little trickier.  Once you’ve taken the time to learn how to make money, you actually have to apply this knowledge.  This is the one complaint I have with the book, Think And Grow Rich.  It’s a great book that everyone should read, but there is one flaw in the book, and that is it doesn’t tell you that action is required to make money and get rich.  You can think about it all day long, but if you don’t take any real steps to achieving that goal, it’s not going to happen.  

The Internet has made this whole making money without money thing easier, but it also seems to have spawned a large group of lazy people who just expect the money to start rolling in as soon as they put up a simple little website or sign up as an affiliate for a product.  

There are a lot of free methods on the Internet that you can use to advertise, but to use them effectively, you’re still going to need to know the art of sales, so take a drive down to your local library and get reading.

But rest assured that you really can make money without having any.


