Title: 
Join A Web Hosting Affiliate Program To Make Money Online

Word Count:
536

Summary:
Website owners, have you considered joining a web hosting affiliate program to bring in a new profit stream to your website?

If you currently host a website, joining a web hosting affiliate program can make you significant money when used intelligently, plus you can easily recoup the costs of bandwidth and server space. Web hosting affiliate programs are easy and free to join - all it takes is a few referrals in order to bring in new income. 

There are also companies su...


Keywords:
hosting, affiliate program, webmaster, web hosting, affiliate


Article Body:
Website owners, have you considered joining a web hosting affiliate program to bring in a new profit stream to your website?

If you currently host a website, joining a web hosting affiliate program can make you significant money when used intelligently, plus you can easily recoup the costs of bandwidth and server space. Web hosting affiliate programs are easy and free to join - all it takes is a few referrals in order to bring in new income. 

There are also companies such as WebmasterFX and TemplateMonster which offer affiliate programs for a very similar market, in this case marketing tools and design templates for webmasters. Offering your visitors a range of related goods and services is likely to increase your total referal commissions.

If you’re happy with your current domain and hosting provider, ask them about their web hosting affiliate program. Often times, customer referrals can bring between $50 and $100 for each customer that signs up to your own provider’s hosting service. 

Many web hosts offer a web hosting affiliate program that pays a percentage of the sales made when customer you refer sign up for their services. This could be a recurring monthly, quarterly or annual repeat payment. Most web hosting affiliate programs will send payments via check or send them directly to your bank account or even your Paypal account if you have one. You may have to wait until you have earned a certain amount. This could be as low as $50 or as high as $150 depending on the company policy. Imagine the income after making a few referal each week!

The Yahoo! Small Business Affiliate Program is a good example of a well paying program(http://www.yahoo.com). Businesses currently using the Yahoo! Web hosting servcie can earn anywhere from $60 to $100 per customer referral. For customer referrals resulting in Yahoo! Domains sales, you will earn up to 20% of the sale price. 

Another example of a web hosting affiliate program is through WestHost (http://www.westhost.com). They offer a unique web hosting affiliate program that provides $50 in a customer referral resulting in sales for not just existing WestHost clients but anyone who provides a WestHost approved link to the merchant on their website. 

A slightly different kind of web hosting affiliate program is provided by ServerFly (http://www.serverfly.com). While ServerFly provides significantly lower cuts in customer referrals, it offers a five-tiered program. With a tiered program, you have the potential of earning profits from the customer referrals that come from your customer referrals! So in this caes you are sacrificing initial income for the potential of much greater income later on.

Web hosting affiliate programs are easy to join – just fill out an online form and put an approved link on your existing website. You could also add a link in your emails and use them in discussion forum signatures. Of course if the program is lucrative enough it may be worth trying some paid advertising to speed up results.

Look for a program with a large range of promotion material such as banners and text links to place on your site, and you'll be on your way to making profits through a new revenue stream in just minutes!


