Title: 
Make Money Quick And Easy Online – How True Can This Possibly Be For A Total Newbie?

Word Count:
773

Summary:
Just barely a year and a half ago while I was riding the train on my way to work that morning, I felt a sudden rush of blood in my brain, as it all of a sudden came to my mind again that I am soon to become a father in a couple of months’ time.

Don’t get me wrong but I am really excited every time I am reminded that our first baby is coming right up in the next few weeks. However, I can’t deny the fact that I am starting to get anxious towards the increasing needs of a gro...


Keywords:
make money online,earn extra income,online business,internet business,ecommerce,entrepreneur


Article Body:
Just barely a year and a half ago while I was riding the train on my way to work that morning, I felt a sudden rush of blood in my brain, as it all of a sudden came to my mind again that I am soon to become a father in a couple of months’ time.

Don’t get me wrong but I am really excited every time I am reminded that our first baby is coming right up in the next few weeks. However, I can’t deny the fact that I am starting to get anxious towards the increasing needs of a growing family. For this very reason, I started pushing myself harder in finding other means to earn extra income. I knew for a fact that my 9am – 6pm regular day job will not ever be sufficient for our financial needs.

Finding effective ways to earn extra income is not really easy, most of the time it was even very frustrating for me. That was until I stumbled upon the idea, “why don’t I check out and see if the rumor is true, that some people can really make money quick and easy online”. I was hearing this buzz for quite some time now, and so I told myself, why don’t I go ahead and try it out then see if I can really make money quick and easy online too. After all, what have all these online money makers got that I don’t, I thought to myself. They all must have started at a certain learning point anyways. 

The first thing I did try was to make money with eBay. Although I was witnessing a lot of guys really making huge amounts of income, it was not very long till I realized that I did not really have the craft and patience for that kind of business. My attention then was diverted into e-books. I became interested with e-books that have resell rights in them. This “right to resell” thing comes along once you purchase a particular e-book. I ended up buying several of them, but then there I was to the point of asking myself, “How do I sell or even market these e-books to prospective buyers”.

It was at this moment that I was beginning to realize, “maybe you can make money online, but not really that quick and easy”. The dilemma to market my products lead me to the desire of creating my own website. You can just imagine how difficult that could be for a total newbie and non-technical guy like me. With the help of some of the e-books I bought, I learned some very basic techniques that helped me put up my very first self-owned website. If you are somebody like me, then I would suggest you try any WYSIWYG editor program out there. No programming knowledge required, “now how else could it ever get to be that amazing for both you and I eh?” It’s as simple as writing an article in your own text editor software like MS Word.

As soon as I was able to successfully put up my website, while doing a research on how to drive prospective buyers to come and visit it, I then came across one of the most effective means to really make money quick and easy online. With the help of some of my e-books again, I began reading and learning about this really huge income potential money making program from Google called adsense. 

After more than a year of researching and doing tedious experiments and self studies, I finally discovered the secret of many successful online entrepreneurs, and that is the ability to drive in as many as possible visitors to a website. The most effective measure for such action is thru SEO(Search Engine Optimization). You can start familiarizing yourself with this topic by simply researching freely on the internet about it. 

This discovery made a big difference for me. I felt, I am no longer just a newbie who was once trying to find ways to earn extra income. Indeed, after all the untiring efforts of acquiring as much knowledge I could, and the many hours of sleep I had to sacrifice due to my day job at the same time, I finally started reaping the rewards thru the additional income I am now getting out of it. 

If you too, have that fervent desire to really make money quick and easy online, then go for it. Your success will only be limited by the amount of action you are willing to put into achieving that desire.


