The Internet has provided us with many new ways of making a living, but for every legitimate new opportunity, there are probably two opportunities that are specious.  I know what I'm talking about here.  I make money on the Web, and have used the Internet to support my income for more than a year now.  But before I even came across a way to make money over Internet, I came across many failed leads and false promises, and a few dangerous attempts to steal my identity and credit information as well.  The Internet provides a unique possibility for those of us who are intelligent, good writers, but perhaps a bit socially awkward.  The opportunity of making money over the Internet can seem like a dream to many.  In my daily life, I get to make money over Internet without even leaving the house, and that is just simply fantastic!  But there are many stories of people's attempts to make money over the Internet with much less pleasant endings.  It is quite common for people to be ripped off by unscrupulous con artists who hire them to make money over Internet, and then refuse to pay.  Rare, but much worse, are those out and out criminals who pretend to be hiring you, but are actually just out there to troll for personal information.  These people can wreck your life, and that is no joke!

If you want to make money over Internet, you should take some simple precautions.  If whatever make money over Internet job you are offered does not make sense to you, you should research it or ask questions.  If it cannot be explained to your satisfaction why it is in their interests to pay you, there is probably some kind of ripoff scam involved.  Job that promise to help you make money over Internet, but require you to make some kind of investment first, are even more dangerous.  You should never ever invest in some financial undertaking unless you have scrupulously and meticulously researched every aspect of it!  This means researching the company, meeting a representative of the company, and ensuring that you will not be ripped off.  No matter how good the offer is, you cannot make money over Internet by someone who refuses to meet you face to face. If you try to, your efforts at making extra money will only result in you losing huge amounts of cash.