Many people are interested in finding out how to make money with Google Adsense. You can find this as the topic of discussion on many blogs and on some websites as well. Those who are not savvy about web design, content and Internet advertising may want to consider using Google Ad Sense as a supplemental source of income rather than a second job.

Bloggers make up a good part of the curious population so this article is directed towards them. I have some experience since I did make some money with Google Adsense on my blog. However, there are a lot of things to consider before jumping in and using this vehicle for extra cash. 

First of all, you have to consider the content in your own blog. If you are keeping a personal diary that does little more that share your witty insight and your experiences you may want to forgo using it as a way to make money using Google Adsense. 

There are other bloggers who get annoyed with advertisements on blogs that so not provide a particular service. There is a kind-of unspoken rule that it is bad taste to use advertisements on a personal log of your experience. Many visitors will leave comments letting you know that, too.

However, if your blog is useful to the readers and if they can benefit from the advertisements you should definitely use it to make money with Google Adsense. For example, a freelance writer has a great blog that lists job openings for other writers.

The effort is made to help support other writers in the field. She gains no benefits from the site unless the visitors click on an advertisement here and there. Of course, she would never suggest that her readers do this. The advertisements are in place as an additional service. 

Even though she can make money with Google Adsense, her main concern is getting the pertinent information out to her readers. The cash she makes through Google Ad Sense is a real bonus for her. Also, the ads are of genuine interest to those visiting the site.

I made some money with my blog but I soon realized that I really wasn’t focused on a particular topic. The ads were scattered and followed no consistent theme. I decided that my blog was no way to make money with Google Adsense because the visitors just dropped in to read, not for a service or information.
