Title: 
Make Money Online – Discover The Top Strategies To Earn Income From The Internet

Word Count:
699

Summary:
The internet has opened the doors for almost anyone in the world to make money and significant amounts of it with little or no initial investment. All it takes is the right knowledge and guidance and a little perseverance to create income that could quite easily replace your day job. There are several ways to make money online.  Here are a few of the top strategies being used right now by the best internet marketers.

- Affiliate Programs

Affiliate marketing has exploded...


Keywords:
make money online, affiliate marketing, make money adsense, internet income


Article Body:
The internet has opened the doors for almost anyone in the world to make money and significant amounts of it with little or no initial investment. All it takes is the right knowledge and guidance and a little perseverance to create income that could quite easily replace your day job. There are several ways to make money online.  Here are a few of the top strategies being used right now by the best internet marketers.

- Affiliate Programs

Affiliate marketing has exploded over the last few years and it is continuing to grow as more and more people realize the benefits of this type of marketing. The benefit to affiliate marketing is that you do not need to create your own product instead you can make money by promoting products created by other industry experts. This is great especially if you are a beginner as it can save you a lot of time and money when you are starting out.

There are many ways to promote affiliate programs but the first step is to choose one or at most a handful of affiliate programs that you would like to promote. Make sure that the affiliate program pays you a generous commission. If you are promoting e-books or software programs from a place like Clickbank you will usually receive a very good commission around 50 – 75%. Commission Junction has many pay per lead programs in the credit card and mortgages sections that pay pretty well too.

Ensure that the affiliate program you select is high quality. This is especially important for Clickbank products because otherwise you could get very high refund rates which can cut significantly into your profits. Buy the product if you can and ask yourself if you would be comfortable recommending this product to close friends or family.

You can use paid and free methods of advertising to promote your affiliate programs. Google adwords can be a great way to promote your affiliate programs so make a point to learn more about it and how it can be used to promote affiliate programs. If money is an issue then you can write and distribute articles to promote your affiliate programs. At the end of every article is an author resource box where you can place a few links back to your site. Do not link directly to your affiliate program but rather to a review type page on another separate site.

- Adsense

The Google adsense program along with other similar programs offered by Yahoo and other smaller search engines is another very popular and effective way to make money online. You do need a website in order to take advantage of this opportunity so make it a point to learn about how to create search engine optimized websites.

Once you have a website that is getting a fair amount of traffic then all you need to do is place your ads strategically to obtain maximum click through rates and thus make the most money possible. Place some of your ads above the fold, that is the part of your site that is first seen without scrolling down. This should help to increase your click through rates dramatically.

Also make sure that the color of the links in your ads match the general link color of your site. If you can try to make the text on your site have the same size as the text in the ads. The main idea is to blend in the ads with your site content so that they get noticed by the visitors on your site. Place some ads directly into some of your article content by having the article body wrap around the ads. You can use tables in html to accomplish this.

These are a couple of the top ways that large amounts of money are being made on the internet. Stick with one or both of these approaches and make a real commitment to make them work for you as you will undoubtedly encounter challenges along the way. Do not give up, keep learning from your mistakes and it will only be a matter of time before you learn how to make the amount of money you desire from the internet.


