Title: 
Mom, Want To Make Money Online?

Word Count:
458

Summary:
I’m a Stay at Home Mom and I’m broke. I’m pinching pennies left and right and we still aren’t making ends meet. I need to bring in some money, but I really don’t want to go back to work. I have a computer at home. What can I do to make money?
Signed – Broke in Baltimore

Dear Broke in Baltimore,
Oh, how I love to help Moms make money from home. It sounds like you’re open to working on your computer. Let’s get you some ideas on doing just that.

First of all, be careful ...


Keywords:



Article Body:
I’m a Stay at Home Mom and I’m broke. I’m pinching pennies left and right and we still aren’t making ends meet. I need to bring in some money, but I really don’t want to go back to work. I have a computer at home. What can I do to make money?
Signed – Broke in Baltimore

Dear Broke in Baltimore,
Oh, how I love to help Moms make money from home. It sounds like you’re open to working on your computer. Let’s get you some ideas on doing just that.

First of all, be careful of scams. Anything that sounds too good to be true, is. Stay away from any job that requires money down (the exception to that is Direct Sales, as most kits are bought). 

So, what are your options?

Online store. Do you have a product that you want to sell? Maybe you make bracelets or soap that your neighbors go crazy for? Set up a website and you’ve got an instant storefront. Websites can be started for a very low price now. You’ll need a domain name (your website name), hosting, and some way to design your website. From there, you just need to work getting visitors to your online store to get sales. It’s not quite as easy as it sounds, but it is a very viable business option.

Telecommuting. There are businesses that will hire home workers for an hourly rate. These jobs are few and far between, but they are out there. If you want to qualify for a Telecommuting position, you’ll need to work on your resume and cover letter and interview skills. There is a lot of competition, but you can do it!

Direct Sales. There are literally thousands of Direct Sales companies, offering everything from cosmetics to wine. And, people do make money with these programs. (Of course, there are no guarantees, but there is potential.) Some of these companies even provide their consultants with a website, free of charge. Beware, though, and really research a company before joining. Some are still in the stone ages with their advertising policies and do not allow you to promote your website in any way. So, if you plan to work mostly online, do some research before signing on the dotted line.

Online Assistant: Many moms are making a good living as a Virtual Assistant doing anything from writing articles to advertising for their clients. If you love office work, this is an option you may want to look into.

Once you figure out what interests you, network with other moms who are successful, take online classes, or hire a coach. Invest in yourself and you'll invest in your business.


