Title: 
Paid Surveys And Reviews: Are They A Legitimate Way To Make Money Online?

Word Count:
346

Summary:
WeÆve all seen the offers before.  Whether itÆs in a mass e-mail or a pop-up ad, it seems like everyone is offering ō$10 for a Quick Five Minute Survey!ö  Because many of these offers seem too good to be true, most people are extremely skeptical of whether these offers are legitimate or just another type of scam.  From my personal experience, paid surveys and reviews are like most things in life.  There are plenty of legitimate opportunities to make some extra money, but ther...


Keywords:
make money online, paid surveys, work from home


Article Body:
WeÆve all seen the offers before.  Whether itÆs in a mass e-mail or a pop-up ad, it seems like everyone is offering ō$10 for a Quick Five Minute Survey!ö  Because many of these offers seem too good to be true, most people are extremely skeptical of whether these offers are legitimate or just another type of scam.  From my personal experience, paid surveys and reviews are like most things in life.  There are plenty of legitimate opportunities to make some extra money, but there are also opportunities for you to get scammed and ripped off.  By taking the time to educate yourself about how to distinguish a legitimate surveys and reviews from scams, you can ensure that you reap the benefits of these offers without being exploited by the dishonest ones.

Because of the upfront cost, people seem to be most suspicious of paid survey web sites that require a fee to join.  Ironically enough, not only are some of these web sites the most reliable, but many of them also offer the largest amount of surveys.  The reason these web sites require an upfront fee is to cover costs such as customer service and database maintenance.  In addition to paid surveys and mystery shopper programs, many of these membership web sites also offer links to data entry jobs, instant cash bonuses and opportunities to get paid to surf around the internet.

So what is the easiest way to find web sites that wonÆt rip off?  From my personal experience, a little research will go a long way.  Once you find an offer or web site that you think is interesting, use the power of the internet to find out more about it.  By typing the name of the offer or web site into Google, you should be able to find quite a few reviews from actual people.  Based on these reviews, you can determine whether the offer or web site is actually legitimate.  If you are unable to find any information at all, you should probably steer clear of that paid survey opportunity.


