Title: 
Simple & sure ways to make money with your website

Word Count:
957

Summary:
I think most legitimate work from home/online money making method is designing your own website and then turn it to a host of money making activities. Web site is ultimate money making machine, it earns even when you sleep. Today, the Web is an intensely commercial medium, offering plenty of ways to make money. So your best strategy is to earn as much money as possible. I have enlisted simple & sure ways to earn cash with your website.


Keywords:
Make money online, earn money online, make money with website, earn money from website


Article Body:
I think most legitimate work from home/online money making method is designing your own website and then turn it to a host of money making activities. Web site is ultimate money making machine, it earns even when you are sleeping. Today, the Web is an intensely commercial medium, offering plenty of ways to make money. So your best strategy is to earn as much money as possible.

I have enlisted simple & sure ways to earn cash with your website. 

ADVERTISING ON YOUR WEBSITE : The best and most proven method of making a profit out of your website is using advertising. Internet advertising is on an ascending trend, which shows plenty of potential for the near and distant future.

1. Contextual ads : The popular search engine - Google has introduced a dramatic new contextual advertising service called AdSense which allows virtually any website owner to make money without having to do too much. AdSense is a program in which you get paid for targeting your readers to another websites product or service. Google AdSense simply requires the host site to paste in a few lines of HTML code on their pages where they want those ads to appear. This code creates the ads that you see and when someone clicks on one of these ads they go to the advertiser's site. The advertiser is then charged for the click by Google and Google shares the money with you.

Sign up for Google Adsense and place Google ads on your site. Google will display the most appropriate ads according to your content and you will get paid for every click on an ad. People are making thousands a month with this.

2. In-Text Ads : When you mouse over one of these doubly underlined sponsored links you will be presented with a Tool Tip describing an advertiser's product or service. If someone click on the key-word and it will act like an ordinary link taking visitor to a page belonging to the advertising company. For every click on a highlighted key-word, you will receive a small payment.

In-Text Advertising solution lets you monetize your content in real-time, enabling an incremental increase in ad revenue by providing a new source of untapped ad inventory that does not compete with the other ad programs running on the site. Thereby providing you with a new revenue stream from the content within your site. Intellitxt and ContextWeb provides in-text ads to websites.

3. DISPLAY AFFILIATE PROGRAM'S LINKS & BANNERS : Another method of monetizing your traffic by putting links/banners of affiliate programs on your website. Concept is really quite simple. Every thing is based on paid referral system. Visitors come to your website, you introduced them to product or service from a third party vendor through a banner or text link and you get paid a commission by merchant in various way: a. Paid per click, b. Paid per lead . Paid per sale. You can choose affiliate networks where different advertisers offer their banners codes and links that will display their banners on your site along with tracking of your sales and leads. Best affiliate networks to get affiliate programs are :

a. Commission Junction
b. Clixgalore
c. Linkshare

4. SELL AFFILIATE PRODUCTS : Another profitable way to earn money is to sell affiliate products. You simply direct traffic to their Web site and earn commissions when people buy products. 

a. A good way to start with affiliate products is to sign up with ClickBank. There are well over 10,000 different Digital info products. Write up some reviews and recommendations and send traffic to the ClickBank merchant, and if the product sells, you get commissions sometimes as high as 75%. This type of Web site is very simple to setup, however, it requires a large amount of visitor traffic to earn significant money. It's easy to complement an existing Web site with affiliate links for offering related products to your visitors and, at the same time, earning money.

b. Make money selling other company's products through affiliate programs. They'll give you a link to track your sales. Amazon.com is great place to get HTML codes for various products to promote and earn commission. Thousands of people are making a full time income just by driving traffic from their site to merchant sites, never touching or shipping a product. 

5. Charge a fee to access a section of your site - Provide free access to main sections of your website, but you can charge a fee for an access to members lounge where more lucrative information is often available. If your content is unique and valuable, you can make money charging for it online. People will pay for access, if it's useful to them. Your members lounge could be a forum, downloadable software, eBooks, listings, etc.

6. Collect and sell information - Creating a information database isn't just a good idea - it´s good business. e.g., you can compile listings for free classified websites, ezines, directories, work at home websites,etc. Put a price tag to download them.

7. Sell your own services to your target audience. Like if you have a web site on "making money online" and you are a web designer, you can make an offer to design web site to your visitor, so that they can make money from website. You want to be able to take credit cards (at least with PayPal if not otherwise) on your site and deliver your product to your customers as fast as possible.

There are many more methods to make money, but above enlisted methods can generate substantial amount of money for beginners and let us leave rest for expert guys.

Lastly, when your website is up and working, invest your 75% time in promoting it. Remember most important factor is amount of traffic on your website.


