Title: 
The absolute easiest business to start from your home - and actually make money!

Word Count:
526

Summary:
Service businesses are absolutely the easiest and most lucrative businesses to start from your home.  Because of the demand for this service, a carpet cleaning business is your best choice.  It is very easy to make $400 to $1,000 a day cleaning carpets.  All you need is a proven cleaning method, and a good business plan.
     
     If you purchase a "turn-key" business from a company that is already successful, then you are well on your way to running your own successful home based business.


Keywords:
home based business, business opportunities from home, best home based business, proven income opportunity, homebased business opportunities, work form home, make money from home, earn money from home


Article Body:
For years, I have searched for the most lucrative way to make money with a home based business.  The reality is, everyone needs to work for a living.  Most of us work very hard at whatever job we have, usually for someone else’s company or business.  You get your “paycheck,” and your boss (or his company) keep the majority of the profits that you worked so hard for.  After working hard for years so that others could get wealthy from my efforts, I decided that it was time for me to keep all of the money that I worked so hard for.
    
     I tried everything I could find.  Multi-level marketing, internet businesses, selling health supplements, selling phone cards, selling knives, direct mail publications, etc.  Then it hit me that I was still working so that someone else could get wealthy.  All of my efforts in sales still resulted in someone ”above” me in the chain making money from my efforts!
   
     It was at that point that I realized that service businesses were the absolute best and quickest way to make real money from a home based business in a short period of time.  A service business is simply a business where you provide a needed service, and in turn get paid by someone for that service.
    
     The easiest service business to start and run by far is a home based carpet cleaning company.  If you look in your local yellow pages, you will probably see several carpet cleaning companies.  This proves that there is a huge market for this service.  Since I have started our home based carpet cleaning company, we enjoy an average daily income of $400 to $1,000.  And I get to keep all of the money that I work so hard for!
      
     All you need to do is copy the system of an already successful carpet cleaning company, and you can make several hundred dollars a day within a very short period of time.
    
     There are several carpet cleaning companies out there that offer “start-up” packages, but most of them are not truly complete packages.  You need to look for a start-up package that provides you with everything you need to get started.  This would include all of your equipment and supplies, instructional materials (preferably a manual and video), and phone support so that you can have your service business up and running in a few days.
     
     There is nothing difficult about cleaning carpets.  You do not need any special training or school.  It is very easy to learn.  You can usually have your business up and running within a few days if you purchase a quality start-up package.  And the demand for this service will probably continue to grow, since carpet manufacturers are educating customers on the importance of professional carpet cleaning.  If you spend a small portion of your income on a few quality advertisements in your local newspaper, you will be well on your way to personal wealth from your own service business!
    
     Remember, there is no need to re-invent the wheel.  Just copy what an already successful business is doing, and you will be well on your way to success.


