Title: 
Three Things You Need to Know To Make Money with Affiliate Marketers

Word Count:
608

Summary:
Every affiliate marketer looks for the best market that will give him thousands of dollars every month. There are tactics that used to work in the past and good ones that keep working now days. Here you will find the top three hints that will make you big profits.


Keywords:
affiliate program money article targeted sales latter testimonial marketing reports


Article Body:
Every affiliate marketer looks for the best market that will give him thousands of dollars every month. But making money with affiliate programs can be a little tricker than that. There are tactics that used to work in the past and good ones that keep working now days. With these top three marketing hints, you will learn to increase your sales and start making the big money.

Here they are:

<b>First</b>

You should offer free reports to your readers. Did you know that a sale is usually closed on the seventh contact with a prospect? That's the reason why you should create autoresponder messages that will be mailed to your visitors after they input their personal information into your sign up box. Keep sending them good reports and fill them with you affiliate offers.

When they receive your reports they will remember the product they wanted later and they can buy it now. Try to focus on important points like how your product will make their lives easier or a new way to make more money. But keep one thing in mind, when you use the word free a 

lot old spam filters will send it directly to the junk before your customer read it.

<b>Second</b>

You have to use separate web pages to promote each different product you are marketing. Don't do this big mistake trying to save few dollars. It's always better to have your site focusing on each and every product.

Tell me one thing. When you want to purchase some product or service do you search for people that already bought it to know their opinion? The answer is yes, and so your customers do it. That's the reason why you should include testimonial in your site. But please be sure these 

customers are willing to allow you to use their names and photos. And never try to create fake testimonial. If you want to make serious money you have to treat your customers with respect and not cheat on them.

You should write your sales letter in a way that each headline attracts the reader to read more. Pretend that you are writing to a close friend, and you want to explain to him how great that product is. If you don't believe what you are selling you can be sure your customers won't either. Writing a good sales letter is easy, keep practicing and sooner than you think you will be able to write real good ones.

<b>Third</b>

What will happen if a person that has no interest in your product visit your site? They will simple leave it right? Targeted traffic is a very important concept. You should keep that in mind when you are choosing the places to publish your articles. You should choose the right 

ezines and article directories.

If you write a minimum of two articles per week and publish them in the right places that will bring to you targeted traffic you can be sure that in less than two months your site will be a success. Following this you can easily generate as many as hundred targeted readers to your site in a day. It means you can sell at least one product per day as usually one out of hundred people are likely to purchase it. 

These are very easy tactics and requires a little time and effort on your part. Try to use these hints for every affiliate program that you are marketing. You definitely can maintain a good source of income.

Remember to always have fun when doing it and the rest you happen naturally.

Good sells!


