Title: 
Top 3 ways to make money onlline and work at home

Word Count:
369

Summary:
The top 3 ways to make  money on the internet through Affiliate programs, online surveys and Adsense.


Keywords:
make money online, work from home, work at home, make fast money online, affiliate programs, homebased business, jobs online, make money fast


Article Body:
Written by: Crystal Collins

Let’s face it; there are thousands and thousands of ideas for making money on the internet and working at home.  Many of these ideas take a lot of time and money to get started.  Do you want to make money online, but want the checks to start rolling in right away?

Below I will talk about the absolute best ways to make fast money online and work from home.  Following are the top 3.

1.	Affiliate  programs
2.	Google Adsense
3.	Online surveys

Affiliate programs 

Affiliate programs are the best way to start making money instantly.  Big name companies like, Amazon, Circuit city, Best Buy, Expedia, and many many others are willing to send you checks for promoting their products online.  All you have to do is go to the Commission Junction website www.cj.com and sign up for their associates program.  You will then be given promotion tools in the form of text ads, banner ads ect. to promote the affiliates products.  You then promote their products and earn commission on every sale, or even better, every LEAD !  That means you make money even if someone doesn’t even buy their product!  Visit: www.mymoneymachines.com for more info.

Google Adsense

Google Adsense is a great way to make money without having to sell a product.  You get paid a commission every time someone is directed to a companies website through your marketing efforts. With this program you will have to set up your own website to get started.


Online surveys

Online surveys are a great way to pull in extra income.  All you have to do is sign up with survey companies and they will send you surveys in your e-mail box, each survey pays around $5-10, but if you are involved with several companies that money can easily add up to $50 a day or more, depending on how many companies you are involved with. An extra $50 a day is an extra $1500 a month! For more info on the top 5 survey websites visit: www.mymoneymachines.com

Well, as I stated before there are many ways to make money online, but if you want to get started right away I highly recommend starting out with these 3 ways


